Circular Gauge: update 'Title And Center Label Customized' demo descr… (#2500)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/Gauges/Overview/React/description.md

> DevExtreme React Gauges is&nbsp;a&nbsp;set of&nbsp;interactive UI components for visualizing data on&nbsp;dashboards. This set includes two circular and one linear gauge. Declared [PropTypes for typechecking](https://reactjs.org/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.html) are included. [Learn more about DevExtreme React components](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/DevExtreme_React_Components/). 
> 
> Check out other demos in this section to explore gauge features, like geometry customization, palettes, tooltips, custom labels in the component's center, etc.

Reviewer: I explain the changes in the jQuery description (making descriptions consistent): 

```suggestion
DevExtreme React Gauge controls help you visualize data and create dashboards. Our library includes three gauge types: radial bar gauges, circular scale gauges, and linear gauges. 

This demo displays a simple dashboard with a few highly customized gauges. 

Review other demos in this section to explore gauge features such as geometry customization, palettes, tooltips, and custom label display.

Our React Gauge controls include declared [PropTypes for typechecking](https://reactjs.org/docs/typechecking-with-proptypes.html). [Learn more about DevExtreme React components](/Documentation/Guide/React_Components/DevExtreme_React_Components/). 
```

DevExtreme React Gauge controls help you visualize data and create dashboards. Our library includes three gauge types: radial bar gauges, circular scale gauges, and linear gauges. 

> This demo displays a simple dashboard with a few highly customized gauges. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This demo displays a simple dashboard with customized gauges. 
```
